Get new suggestions only when fetching Google Docs (#31)
The-Politico/gootenberg: docs/docs.get.md

Get the content of a Google document in Google's [`Document`](https://developers.google.com/docs/api/reference/rest/v1/documents#Document) JSON type.

- `id` `<String>`: The Id for a Google Doc (see [here](../README.md#usage))
- `options` `<Object>`

>   - `suggestionsViewMode` `<String>`: How you would like to handle suggested edits from the Google Doc. (see [here](https://developers.google.com/docs/api/reference/rest/v1/documents#suggestionsviewmode))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `suggestionsViewMode` `<String>`: Defaults to `PREVIEW_WITHOUT_SUGGESTIONS`, but can be overridden to handle suggested edits in a different way. (see [the API docs](https://developers.google.com/docs/api/reference/rest/v1/documents#suggestionsviewmode)  for options).
```

  const goot = new Gootenberg();
  await goot.auth.jwt(credentials);

>   await goot.docs.get('MY_DOC_ID', {
>     suggestionsViewMode: 'PREVIEW_WITHOUT_SUGGESTIONS'
>   });

Reviewer: I'd rather keep the base example clean. Just like how we handle the extra options in [appendRows](https://github.com/The-Politico/gootenberg/blob/main/docs/sheets.appendRows.md). Just so folks don't think they need to supply this value.

```suggestion
  await goot.docs.get('MY_DOC_ID');
```
